Prepare for 3.2.3 (#232)
Iterable/iterable-android-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

#### Fixed
- nothing yet

## [3.2.3](https://github.com/Iterable/iterable-android-sdk/releases/tag/3.2.3)
#### Added

> - IterableInAppMessage now stores CampaignId it belongs to. (Thanks to nkotula!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `IterableInAppMessage` now stores the `campaignId` it belongs to. (Thanks to nkotula!)
```

#### Changed

> - The SDK now uses DialogFragment to show in-apps. In-Apps are more stable than before and resilient to device configuration changes like device rotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The SDK now uses `DialogFragment` to show in-app messages. In-app messages are more stable than before and resilient to device configuration changes like device rotation.
```
